Update documentation, patch version bump (#61)
oxidecomputer/diesel-dtrace: README.md

## Overview

The `diesel-dtrace` crate provides a diesel [`Connection`][1] that includes DTrace probe points.
Probes are fired when a connection to the database is established and for each

> query and transaction.

Reviewer: 1. this is fine
2. do you want to be more explicit? i.e. Probes fire before and after connections, quries, and transactions

Author: Done in 0358fa4

In order to register probes, your program must invoke `usdt::register_probes()`
before the probe points are executed.

## Probes

```ignore
/// Fires right before we attempt to establish a connection.
connection-establish-start(id: &UniqueId, conn_id: Uuid, url: &str)
/// Fires when we finish establishing a connection, with a flag indicating
/// whether it succeeded or failed.
connection-establish-done(id: &UniqueId, conn_id: Uuid, success: u8)
/// Fires just before issuing a SQL query.
query-start(id: &UniqueId, conn_id: Uuid, query: &str)
/// Fires when a query completes.
query-done(id: &UniqueId, conn_id: Uuid)
/// Fires when we start a transaction.
///
/// This includes the connection ID as well as the depth of the transaction.

> /// As transactions can be nested, _both_ of these are required to unique ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/// As transactions can be nested, _both_ of these are required to uniquely identify
```
? and maybe delete "in full"?

/// a transaction in full.
///
/// The depth is `0` if there is no outstanding transaction, meaning this is

> /// not nested inside another transaction. Querying the transaction status
> /// may fail, in which case `depth == -1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/// not nested inside another transaction. In the implementation, querying the transaction status
/// may fail, in which case `depth == -1`; this would represent an unknown, internal error.
```

Trying to provide context with regard to what the fuck this might mean.

Author: Yeah, that's better thanks.

Author: Done in 0358fa4

transaction-start(conn_id: Uuid, depth: i64)
/// Fires when a transaction completes.
///
/// This includes the connection ID as well as the depth of the transaction.
/// As transactions can be nested, _both_ of these are required to uniquely

> /// ID a transaction in full.

Reviewer: as above if you do change it

Author: Done in 0358fa4

///

> /// The depth is `0` if there is no outstanding transaction, meaning this is

Reviewer: I don't think we can copy/paste as above or we may need to modify both in that in this case I think it might be clearer to say something like "The depth is `0` is there is no outer transaction.."

Author: Done in 0358fa4

/// not nested inside another transaction. Querying the transaction status
/// may fail, in which case `depth == -1`.
///
/// This also includes a flag indicating whether the transaction was
/// committed (`committed == 1`) or rolled back (`committed == 0`).
transaction-done(conn_id: Uuid, depth: i64, committed: u8)
```

## Transaction probes

It's important to note that the transaction-related probes include a connection
ID and a depth. As transactions can be nested on the same connection, _both_ of

> these are required to uniquely identify transactions.

Reviewer: do you want to show an example of the proper use of these e.g. for timing transactions?

Author: 0358fa4
